We are missing the mentioning of artifacts.elastic.co in our overview docs (#310)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/overview.asciidoc

integrations are updated and released periodically. You can find more information about running the {package-registry} in air-gapped
environments in the section about {fleet-guide}/air-gapped.html[Air-gapped environments].

> [discrete]
> [[communication-urls-needed]]
> == {agent} {fleet-server} {integrations}
> 
> Multiple public URLs need to be resolved in order to have {fleet} and {agent} working properly. First of, the {agent} running on any of your internal hosts should have access to `artifacts.elastic.co` as well as `artifacts.security.elastic.co`, this is needed for {agent} updates and security artifacts when leveraging Elastic Defend.
> 
> You can find more information about running most of the above mentioned resources in air-gapped
> environments in the section about {fleet-guide}/air-gapped.html[Air-gapped environments].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[discrete]
[[artifact-registry-intro]]
== Elastic Artifact Registry

{fleet} and {agent} require access to the public Elastic Artifact Registry. The {agent} running on any of your internal hosts should have access to `artifacts.elastic.co` in order to perform self-upgrades and install of certain components which are needed for some of the data integrations.

Additionally, access to `artifacts.security.elastic.co` is needed for {agent} updates and security artifacts when using {elastic-defend}.

You can find more information about running the above mentioned resources in air-gapped
environments in the section about {fleet-guide}/air-gapped.html[Air-gapped environments].
```

@philippkahr What would you think of this rewording? I wanted to make this section a bit more consistent with the preceding "Elastic Package Registry" section.
